A joint production of:

	Andy Pierce 		IBM Cambridge Scientific Center

	Ron Harter		IBM Austin
	Terry Wang
	Jeanne K. Smith
	Jim Miller
	James Miller

	Walt Daniels		IBM T.J. Watson Research 
	Steve Smith

	Bob Scheifler		MIT Laboratory for Computer Science
	Keith Packard
	and everyone else at the X Consortium!

This version of the IBM X11 driver uses ../mi,  ../mfb and ../cfb to support
the following configuration:

	RISC System 6000 with skyway adapter (8 bit color adapter)

All other configurations will NOT work! However the release 5 clients 
and libraries should build and run on other RISC System 6000 platforms.
It should also be noted that this version of the X server does NOT support 
the AIX X extensions, such as Display PostScript (*) or GL.

(*) Trademark of Adobe System Incorporated

This version of the server does not use the same font format as AIXWindows 
does, and you may run into some inconsistencies with applications which
expect AIXWindows fonts (especially InfoExplorer).

The code supplied with this release, while it has been tested with the skyway  
adapter, is completely unsupported, and if you have problems installing or
using it you are on your own. You may find, in your particular 
environment, the performance of this server is different from that of
the AIX product server.  If the performance in your environment is 
not acceptable, then you should stick with the product level of the 
server. The performance of this server is not indicative of the performance
of the AIX product level server.

Things to check before building:

0)	Decide on what level of AIX you want to build X-Server for ?  
	By default the file xc/config/cf/ibm.cf is set up to build for 
	AIX 4+. If you want to build on AIX 3.2 system, change the
	line #if 0 to #if 1, to use the AIX 3.2 defines.

1)	Decide if you want to build the server. If not, change the line
	in config/ibm.cf from:
	#define BuildServer             YES
		to 
	#define BuildServer             NO

2)	Decide if you want the PEX extension to the server.
	If you do not, then add this line to config/ibm.cf:
	#define BuildPex                NO

2)	The existing configuration will install the shared libraries and 
	executables under the /usr/local tree, to avoid clobbering
	existing product level executables. It is strongly suggested that you 
	keep both the AIX product level of X and the release 5 level.

Building the system:

1)	Go for it.  In the top-level directory, type

	make World

	This takes quite a long time because of the optimization that 
	will be performed.

2)	After the complete system build, you can install the shared 
	libraries and executables by becoming superuser (chown is 
	restricted to superuser!), and typing:

	make install

	Otherwise, you'll want to create a bunch of symbolic links to
	the various executables and data files scattered throughout
	the hierarchy.


3)	On the console, put whatever you chose for BINDIR (in ibm.cf)
	in your search path before the /usr/bin/X11 directory, and then 
	start the server:

	    xinit

4)	xinit should start up an xterm window that acts as a console.  When
	this xterm terminates, the xinit will kill the server.  You can also
	start up client programs from a terminal or rlogin, but you must
	first set the DISPLAY environment variable:

	    setenv DISPLAY unix:0
	    xterm &


5)	To shut the server down,  press the Ctrl, Alt and Backspace keys 
	at the same time, or kill the last program started by your .xinitrc
	file.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTES for building on AIX 4+
----------------------------

The following changes were made to work on AIX 4+ systems, which uses lft 
instead of hft

1. In the config/cf/ibm.cf file, define the OSMajorVersion as 4
   (See note (0) above)
   This will enable -D_IBM_LFT define in the ServerExtraDefines, which
   will enable the code for lft and disable the code for hft, in 
   hw/ibm/AIX, hw/ibm/skyway and hw/ibm/common directories.
2. The code has been modified to run only on Skyway  (Color Graphics Adapter)
   (listed as gda{0,1..} for DEV_NAME , when you run the lsdisp command on
   AIX 4.+ systems).
3. Two new files have been created lftUtils.c and lftUtils.h.

9/13/1995
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	

