
                  A  P  A  C  H  E     C  O  C  O  O  N

                               2.0.1


  What is it?
  -----------

  Apache Cocoon is an XML publishing framework that raises the usage of
  XML and XSLT technologies for server applications to a new
  level. Designed for performance and scalability around pipelined SAX
  processing, Cocoon offers a flexible environment based on the separation
  of concerns between content, logic and style. A centralized
  configuration system and sophisticated caching top this all off and help
  you to create, deploy and maintain rock-solid XML server applications.

  Cocoon interacts with most data sources, including: filesystems, RDBMS,
  LDAP, native XML databases, and network-based data sources. It adapts
  content delivery to the capabilities of different devices like HTML,
  WML, PDF, SVG, RTF just to name a few. Cocoon currently runs as a Servlet
  or from a powerful commandline interface. The chosen design of an
  abstracted environment gives you the freedom to implement your own
  concrete environment to suit your required functionality.



  Where is it?
  ------------

  The home page for the Apache Cocoon project can be found in the Apache XML 
  Project web site (http://xml.apache.org/cocoon/). There you also find 
  information on how to download the latest release as well as all the other 
  information you might need regarding this project.


  Requirements
  ------------

  Cocoon is implemented both as a Java servlet and a Java command line
  application. The following requirements exist for installing it:

   o  A Java 1.2 or later compatible virtual machine for your operating system.

   o  Server API 2.2 compatible Servlet Engine.
      [optional for command line operation]


  Installation Instructions and Documentation
  -------------------------------------------

  Read the INSTALL file in this directory for the installation instructions.

  The documentation available as of the date of this release is
  included in the "docs/" directory.

  Look for the most updated documentation on the Apache Cocoon web site under
  the Apache XML Project (http://xml.apache.org/cocoon/).


  Licensing and legal issues
  --------------------------

  For legal and licensing issues, please read the LICENSE files.


  Thanks for using Apache Cocoon.

                                           The Apache XML Project
                                           http://xml.apache.org/

  
